Hi.
Following this lecture.
Where are you going to start building this favorite book app.
As you can see we're listing some favorite bands and favorite movies of our developer.
And as you can see they have their own titles rather than just displaying all the values inside of the
list.
We now have sections.
OK.
And this data comes from structures we are working professionally over here.
We're just not creating some arrays.
We are using models.
And when we hit one of them it will take us to another screen which has some navigation as you can see
so that we can see the details of these models as well like image like a description.
And like a title.
And as you can see it works for all the elements regrowing to create this app where you're going to
work with models.
We we're going to work with sections we will learn how to navigate between views and we are going to
learn a lot regarding swift UI during this process.
So if you're ready let's get started.